Set variable for Gateway API version in install docs (#871)
agentgateway/website: assets/agw-docs/snippets/agentgateway/helm.md

<!-- Install-path design (decided 2026-07, PR #702): channel-keyed bundles. Standard = released build (helm-version-flag) + standard Gateway API CRDs (k8s-gw-version). Experimental = nightly build (patch-dev) + experimental Gateway API CRDs at the newest version (k8s-gw-version-exp) + feature gate. The nightly watches TCPRoute at v1 (needs Gateway API 1.6); released v1.3.x watches v1alpha2 (Gateway API 1.5). Revisit when main (1.4.x) ships as the next latest. See get-started.md for the full rationale. -->

> 1. Install the custom resources of the {{< reuse "agw-docs/snippets/k8s-gateway-api-name.md" >}}. These examples use Gateway API {{< reuse "agw-docs/versions/k8s-gw-version.md" >}} for the standard channel and {{< reuse "agw-docs/versions/k8s-gw-version-exp.md" >}} for the experimental channel, but you can use any version within the [supported range]({{< link-hextra path="/reference/versions/" >}}) by setting the variable accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Install the custom resources of the {{< reuse "agw-docs/snippets/k8s-gateway-api-name.md" >}}. The examples in this guide use Gateway API {{< reuse "agw-docs/versions/k8s-gw-version.md" >}} for the standard channel and {{< reuse "agw-docs/versions/k8s-gw-version-exp.md" >}} for the experimental channel, but you can use any version within the [supported range]({{< link-hextra path="/reference/versions/" >}}) by setting the variable accordingly.
```
